All right.
We've now finished the development of our full fledged spring and with secret application.
So as we always did at the end of any chapter now is your turn to create a create application of your
own for such application.
You first need to lay out the components and design considerations for those elements and you're ready
to develop.
Start with the fundamental pieces of your software and then build on top of it.
I highly encourage you to try out all the different components that we have seen up until now and make
sure that you use them in your application to before you begin either use and modify the application
that I've shared with the on the Get up dot com or much better start from scratch.
It's all up to you.
Wow.
It's been a great journey and I bet you don't want this to end.
We have of course a lot of extras coming to you in the next section and in the next section you'll see
some of the hand-picked utilities that you should definitely make use of in your applications on projects.
I hope you do well on your exercise and if you're ready to move on let's take an overview of the section
in the next video.